c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\ventas_muebleria.dll.config
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\ventas_muebleria.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\ventas_muebleria.pdb
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\fr-CA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\he-IL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\sk-SK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\obj\Debug\ventas_muebleria.dll
c:\users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\obj\Debug\ventas_muebleria.pdb
C:\Users\pancho\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ventas_muebleria\ventas_muebleria\bin\Z.BulkOperations.dll
